ctf_sec

medium

# The vault does not conform EIP-4626: Tokenized Vaults standard.

## Summary

The vault does not conform EIP-4626: Tokenized Vaults standard.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vault does not conform EIP-4626: Tokenized Vaults standard.

https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4626

Tokenized Vaults have a lack of standardization leading to diverse implementation details. Some various examples include lending markets, aggregators, and intrinsically interest bearing tokens. This makes integration difficult at the aggregator or plugin layer for protocols which need to conform to many standards, and forces each protocol to implement their own adapters which are error prone and waste development resources.

A standard for tokenized Vaults will lower the integration effort for yield-bearing vaults, while creating more consistent and robust implementation patterns.

given that the vault.sol use the concepts of shares and underlying token extensively, I think it is fair to say the vault should conform ERC4626

I also want to remind about the rounding issue 

previewMint(uint256 shares) - Round Up ⬆
previewWithdraw(uint256 assets) - Round Up ⬆
previewRedeem(uint256 shares) - Round Down ⬇
previewDeposit(uint256 assets) - Round Down ⬇
convertToAssets(uint256 shares) - Round Down ⬇
convertToShares(uint256 assets) - Round Down ⬇

the current convertToAssets and convertToShares round down, which is correct, just make sure preview related function are rounded correctly.

## Impact

Other protocols that integrate with Vault.sol might wrongly assume that the functions handle rounding as per ERC4626 expectation. Thus, it might cause some intergration problem in the future that can lead to wide range of issues for both parties.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L614

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L599

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

We recommand the project conform the ERC4626 token standard implementation

at least,

the function below should be added.

```solidity
previewDeposit
```

and 

```solidity
 previewWithdraw
```

should be added