WATCHPUG

unlabeled

# Miscellaneous

The following issues cannot meet the standard for Medium severity given the negligible impact, we submitted them just for your reference.

### 1. Race condition on ERC20 approval

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L234-L239

[A known race condition](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/20#issuecomment-263524729) exists within the present implementation of the ERC20 standard.

But it usually doesn't matter.

See also: [Explanation of this possible attack vector](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YLPtQxZu1UAvO9cZ1O2RPXBbT0mooh4DYKjA_jp-RLM/edit)

### 2. `convertToShares()` is rounding down, user may be able to withdraw a dust amount of tokens without bunring any shares

When the price per share exceeds 1 wei of LINK token per share token, given that `convertToShares()` will round down, it's possible that the user can burn 0 shares and get up to 1 share worth of LINK tokens.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L614-L620

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L153-L164

### Recommendation

Consider changing to rounding up for `convertToShares()`.

### 3. Mint 0 shares is allowed, making it possible for users to pay for 0 shares

When `deposit()` with a small amount of tokens worth less than 1 wei of shares token, the user will end up receiving 0 shares but still paid some LINK tokens.

Consider requiring `newShares > 0` in `mint()`.

As a reference, Solmate's ERC4626 implementation comes with this check:: https://github.com/transmissions11/solmate/blob/main/src/mixins/ERC4626.sol#L46-L48

```solidity
function deposit(uint256 assets, address receiver) public virtual returns (uint256 shares) {
    // Check for rounding error since we round down in previewDeposit.
    require((shares = previewDeposit(assets)) != 0, "ZERO_SHARES");
```

### 4. The actual transferred amount can be different than the intended (parameter) and emitted amount in the `Transfer` events

When transferring `myLINK`, the face value (`_amount`) and actual transferred amount (`shares`) will not be exact due to precision loss while rounding the amount to shares.

Let's take the example from the comments:

>  Conversions between myLINK and shares will not always be exact due to rounding errors. For example, if there are 100 shares and 200 myLINK in the Vault, the smallest possible transfer is 2 myLINK.

If there are `100 shares` and `200 myLINK` in the Vault, when transferring `3 myLINK`, the recipient will actual only receive `2 myLINK` due to precision loss. The transferred amount is fewer than expected.

Under normal circumstances, this wouldn't be a problem. As the amount short should be a dust amount.

There are still two potential issues:

1. For certain third party integrations, they assume the received amount to be exactly the same as the amount in the parameter of `transfer` and `transferFrom`, a mismatch can result in reverts or even more undeserved results, eg, withdrawal failure, and cause the integration to malfunction in all sorts of ways.
2. The amount in the `Transfer` event emitted can be incorrect. This can cause malfunction for whatever scenario that relies on the Transfer events: off-chain tools, token bridge, etc.

