sorrynotsorry

unlabeled

# Critical address change is not done in two steps



## Summary
Critical address change is not done in two steps
## Vulnerability Detail
Changing critical addresses in contracts should be a two-step process where the first transaction (from the old/current address) registers the new address (i.e. grants ownership) and the second transaction (from the new address) replaces the old address with the new one (i.e. claims ownership). This gives an opportunity to recover from incorrect addresses mistakenly used in the first step. If not, contract functionality might become inaccessible. [Reference](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/issues/1488), [Reference](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/issues/2369)
## Impact
Failing to sanitize the input address might lead the protocol having no owner or a malicious owner if the first owner is compromised. The transferOwnership function doesn't also have zero address sanitation at the protocol level.
## Code Snippet
```solidity
    function transferOwnership(address _newOwner) external onlyOwner {
        owner = _newOwner;
        emit OwnershipTransferred(msg.sender, _newOwner);
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L293-L296

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Change the single-step change of owner address to a two-step process where the current owner first approves a new address as a pendingOwner. That pendingOwner has to then claim the ownership in a separate transaction which cannot be done if they do not have the correct private key. An incorrectly set pendingOwner can be reset by changing it again to the correct one who can then successfully claim it in the second step.