caventa

high

# Upgrading the vault contract to the new implementation may cause LINK to be locked forever

## Summary
Upgrading the vault contract to the new implementation may cause LINK to be locked forever.

## Vulnerability Detail
After the vault is upgraded to the new implementation, a new contract address will be assigned. 

See my_upgrade.t.sol#L29 and my_upgrade.t.sol#L36
[Old contract address = 0xefc56627233b02ea95bae7e19f648d7dcd5bb132]
[New contract address = 0x42997ac9251e5bb0a61f4ff790e5b991ea07fd9b]

If the user runs the deposit function in the previous implementation, the old contract address is the one that holds the LINK token. After that, if the owner tries to upgrade the vault to the new implementation, nobody can withdraw the LINK token of old contract address in the new implementation because a new address is given. 

## Impact

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/test/Vault/my_upgrade.t.sol#L29
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/test/Vault/my_upgrade.t.sol#L36
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/test/Vault/my_upgrade.t.sol#L31-L34

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Before the owner upgrades the Vault to the new implementation (See my_upgrade.t.sol#L31-L34), the owner needs to ensure that the previous vault contract address does not have any LINK token balance. To do this, it is good to have the following code before upgrading.

1. An array to keep track of all the depositors.
2. A function that loops through the array, withdraw all the LINK token from the old contract address to every depositor.

Right now, there is no such extra checking in the code.