CodingNameKiki

high

# Shares will be minted to the user without actually depositing any LINK tokens to the vault.

## Summary
Duo to the exploit in "Vulnerability Detail", a user will receive more minted shares and can steal someone else's tokens from the vault.

## Vulnerability Detail
The function `deposit()` is used from the user to deposit LINK tokens into the vault in exchange for minted shares of myLINK tokens of the same value. After the two require statements are passed, shares are minted to the user:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L136

After that the LINK tokens are transfered from the user's balance to the vault. 
However the function uses `transferFrom()` that does not check the return value, if for some reason the IERC20 transfer is temporarily failing. As the return value of `transferFrom()` is not checked and returns only boolean value indicating success, if it has failed, the contract wouldn’t know about it, and the function will finish “successfully”. 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L138

Result:
The vault didn't receive any Link tokens and regardless of that the shares were still minted to the user. 
The user can call the function `deposit()` again with the same amount of Link tokens from the previous time, and successfully receive another amount of minted shares.

After this actions the user can call the function `withdrawAll()` and succesfuly redeem the whole amount with the extra shares in it, even tho the vault received only half of the LINK tokens from the user. 
This way the user successfuly stole more LINK tokens from the vault than the deposited amount from him in the first place, and in the end someone won't be able to withdraw his tokens or will withdraw less tokens, because of the stolen amount from the vault.

## Impact
The described problem above can result to more minted shares to the user than the deposited amount in the vault.
And this scenario will lead to stealing someone else tokens from the vault.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L131-L142

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a check to ensure that the transfer didn't fail.

1.You can use require statement: https://gist.github.com/CodingNameKiki/ed9a520c76fc2d97ba185bc3f7b0efc9
2.You can use openzeppelin's SafeERC20: https://gist.github.com/CodingNameKiki/4a773fde1e9b9e01734955ef19f29c60

In both of the recommended steps the function will revert if the `transferFrom` failed, it's your choice to choose which one to use.