vlad

unlabeled

# Should exist a special plugin removing logic

## Summary

In the case when an active plugin is corrupted there is no way to remove such a plugin or withdraw funds at all.

## Severity

High

## Vulnerability Detail

There are `withdraw` and `withdrawAll` functions in `Vault` contract which allow the user to withdraw his part of LINK token balance. Both of them use logic from `_ensureLinkAmount` internal function which iterates through plugins and withdraws the needed amount from them. But in the case one of the plugins becomes corrupted such logic will revert and there will be no chance to withdraw funds so such a plugin should be removed to retrieve normal execution that corresponds to other plugins. Function `removePlugin` which is designed to give the owner the ability to do this will also fail in such a case because `_withdrawFromPlugin` (which will be called inside of `removePlugin`) fails in such a scenario.

## Impact

Permanent freeze of part of the funds in the case when one of the plugins is corrupted.

## Code Snippet

- [removePlugin](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L341)
- [rebalancePlugins](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L367)
- [withdraw](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L153)
- [withdrawAll](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L174)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider adding special logic related to "emergency" removal of a plugin in case a plugin might be corrupted. Another way is to add an upgradeability logic to the plugins.