berndartmueller

medium

# `Vault.totalSupply` should return the total vault share supply instead of the total `LINK` token balance

## Summary

The `myLINK` ERC20 token fails to adhere to the ERC20 standard and returns the total `LINK` token balance in the vault and plugins instead of the total `myLINK` token supply.

## Vulnerability Detail

According to the [ERC-20 standard](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-20), `totalSupply` returns the total token supply. However, the total supply of `Vault` shares (= `myLINK` tokens) does not equal the number of `LINK` tokens in the vault and all plugins. Instead, the `myLINK` token supply is a multiple of the underlying `LINK` tokens caused by minting an initial number of shares, `STARTING_SHARES_PER_LINK`, per `LINK` token deposited.

## Impact

The `myLINK` ERC20 token fails to adhere to the ERC20 standard. `totalSupply` wrongly returns the total `LINK` token balance locked in the vault and all registered plugins instead of returning the total `myLINK` token supply. This can cause issues when integrating with other contracts that expect the ERC20 standard to be followed.

## Code Snippet

[Vault.totalSupply](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L552-L558)

```solidity
/**
  * @return The total amount of tokens in existence
  *
  * @dev Equal to the number of LINK in the vault and all plugins
  */
function totalSupply() public view override returns (uint256) {
    uint256 supply = IERC20(LINK).balanceOf(address(this));
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < pluginCount; i++) {
        supply += IPlugin(plugins[i]).balance();
    }
    return supply;
}
```

## Tools Used

Manual review

## Recommendation

Consider removing the `totalSupply` function, rename the storage variable `totalShares` to `totalSupply` (total amount of vault shares minted) and add a new function `totalAssets()` with the same logic as the previous `totalSupply` function.
