0x52

medium

# Adding an incompatible plugin will brick the entire contract

## Summary

If an incompatible contract is added as a plugin, withdrawing breaks and it is unable to be removed. Since it can't be removed, withdraws after that point would become completely impossible. Adding a plugin is restricted to owner but the consequences are catastrophic and no safeguards exist.

## Vulnerability Detail

[Vault.sol#L502-L514](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L502-L514)

        for (uint256 i = 0; i < pluginCount; i++) {
            if (remaining == 0) {
                break;
            }

            address plugin = plugins[pluginCount - i - 1];
            uint256 available = IPlugin(plugin).availableForWithdrawal();
            if (available > 0) {
                uint256 amount = available > remaining ? remaining : available;
                _withdrawFromPlugin(plugin, amount);
                remaining -= amount;
            }
        }

When calling Vault#withdraw, _ensureLinkAmount is called to withdraw enough link for plugins to have enough to send back to the user. It starts with the strategy that has the highest index and works backwards. In the case of an incompatible contract, the loop would revert when calling IPlugin(plugin).availableForWithdrawal() since the contract wouldn't have that function. This would make all withdrawals impossible since it would always revert at that line.

Additionally the incompatible contract would be impossible to remove because during the removal process functions are called to the incompatible function. 

## Impact

In the event that an incompatible contract is added by accident, such as a typo when entering the contract address or adding a contract this is malformed, the whole contract will be bricked.

## Code Snippet

[Vault.sol#L341-L358](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L341-L358)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

There are a large number of precautions that could be put into place to mitigate this. Two potential solutions are:

1. Two step plugin addition. Call once to start addition, then call acceptance function on plugin contract
2. Force removal of plugin. Bypass the removal error by not calling plugin at all during removal