sorrynotsorry

unlabeled

# User funds can be drained from the plugins.



## Summary
User funds can be drained from the plugins.
## Vulnerability Detail
Attack path;

It's Alice again as the first depositor to the vault and she's a malicious actor. 
1. She deposits to the vault by sending a dust amount `0.0000001` LINK
So her LINK will be converted to shares via converToShares() function;
```solidity
return _tokens * STARTING_SHARES_PER_LINK; 
```
Let's assume that `STARTING_SHARES_PER_LINK = 2`. So her shares will be `0,000002` as she is the first depositor, no truncation.

So the totalShares will be `0,000002` and the totalSupply() will return `0,000001`

2. She attacks the vault or the plugin by sending 1 LINK token. (no deposit() function is used)
So the totalShares will be `0,000002` and the totalSupply() will return `1,000001` afterwards
3. Bob deposits 10 LINK tokens and his shares are truncated to zero as below;
```solidity
return _tokens.mulDivDown(totalShares, tokenSupply);
```
`10.mulDivDown(0,000002, 1,000001) = 0`

After this truncation totalShares is still `0,000002` and totalSupply() returns `11,000001`

4. Alice calls withdrawAll() function and the function calls convertToTokens as below;
```solidity
function convertToTokens(uint256 _shares) public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256 shareSupply = totalShares; // saves one SLOAD
        if (shareSupply == 0) {
            return _shares / STARTING_SHARES_PER_LINK;
        }
        return _shares.mulDivDown(totalSupply(), shareSupply);
}
```
So the `return _shares.mulDivDown(totalSupply(), shareSupply);` part will return as;
0,000002.mulDivDown(11,000001, 0,000002) = 11

So Alice steals Bob's LINK tokens.

This attack can be executed at any stage by donating a larger amount of LINK tokens as much as profitable. But the early stage is the cheapest one.

Users can be even sandwich attacked by this method;
Monitor mempool => See Bob is depositing => Take flash loan and frontrun Bob => Bob has zero shares => withdrawAll() and return the loan.

## Impact
User funds can be drained from the plugins.
## Code Snippet
```solidity
    function convertToTokens(uint256 _shares) public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256 shareSupply = totalShares; // saves one SLOAD
        if (shareSupply == 0) {
            return _shares / STARTING_SHARES_PER_LINK;
        }
        return _shares.mulDivDown(totalSupply(), shareSupply);
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L599-L605
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Avoid minting zero shares.
There can be a mapping implementation when users use deposit() as;
`mapping(address => bool) public isDepositUsed; `
`mapping(address => uint256) public depositedAmount;`