CodingNameKiki

high

# Malicious user will prevent anyone from getting shares on their deposited amount of LINK to the vault

## Summary
A malicious attack can lead to anyone receiving 0 shares on their LINK deposits to the vault, which will result for their funds to be stucked in the vault without a way for retrieving them.

## Vulnerability Detail
Malicious user can break the `convertToShares()` function. The results from that will be that anyone who deposits LINK to the vault won't receive any myLINK shares in exchange. This way every user that deposits will lose his LINK tokens, which will be stucked in the vault.

A malicious user can directly transfer 1 LINK token to the vault contract without calling the function `deposit()`, this way the `totalSupply()` of the vault will be equal to 1 LINK.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L550-L552

This will break the calculation in the function `convertToShares()`. When the first depositer calls the function `deposit()` his shares will be calculated by the function `convertToShares()` and will normally be based on the if statement:
`if (tokenSupply == 0)` and the formula `return _tokens * STARTING_SHARES_PER_LINK;`

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L616-L617

However since the malicious user transffered directly 1 LINK token to the vault. 
The `totalSupply()` will be equal to 1 LINK and this `if statement` won't be triggered for the first depositer, but instead the function will return `return _tokens.mulDivDown(totalShares, tokenSupply);` 

Which equals to the formula - `(_tokens * totalShares) / tokenSupply`.
By doing this formula, since the user will be the first depositer, `totalShares()` will be equal to zero and anything multiplied by zero is zero.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L614-L620

Result:
Following this scenario, a malicious user can direct transfer 1 LINK to the vault, and this will result in minting 0 shares for the first depositer and every user after that who deposits will receive 0 shares as well and will lose his LINK tokens, which will be stucked in the vault.

## Impact
Duo to the exploit described in "Vulnerability Detail", it is possible for a malicious user to direct transfer 1 LINK to the vault, which will be the cause for every depositer to lose his funds.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L131-L142

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L614-L620


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
This exploit can be avoided, if the owner deposits an amount of tokens for the first deposit, which will always stay in the vault. 
And after that by following the recommended step, the `if statement` in the function `convertToShares()` can be removed.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L616-L618