sorrynotsorry

unlabeled

# DOS with zero share minting



## Summary
DOS with zero share minting
## Vulnerability Detail
The path:
Alice is the first depositor to the vault and she's a malicious actor. 
1. She deposits to the vault by sending a dust amount `0.0000001` LINK
So her LINK will be converted to shares via converToShares() function;
```solidity
return _tokens * STARTING_SHARES_PER_LINK; 
```
Let's assume that `STARTING_SHARES_PER_LINK = 2`. So her shares will be `0,000002` as she is the first depositor,no truncation.

2. She attacks the vault or the plugin by sending 1 LINK token. (no deposit() function is used)
3. Bob is a regular user and he decides to deposit() 1000 LINK tokens.
So his LINK will be converted to shares via converToShares() function;
```solidity
return _tokens.mulDivDown(totalShares, tokenSupply);
```
As Bob is not the first depositor, his shares are subject to be truncated. So after Alice sent her LINK tokens without accounting shares, the new numbers are as below;
TotalShares = 0,000002
tokenSupply = 1,000001

So for Bob, the formula returns as ;
```
1000.mulDivDown(0,000002, 1,000001) = 0 Shares
```
4. So Bob can't get any share. He decides to withdraw his tokens by using withdrawAll() function. And he will not be able to do it since the function checks the share and he does not have any. And it goes worse for the contract now because the contract has more LINK tokens and no shares. And the following users will have the same result.

This type of attack might occur also at any stage of the vault by donating a large amount of LINK tokens to the vault/plugins in order to increase the tokenSupply as denominator. But being the first depositor is the cheapest one.



## Impact
Denial Of Service, loss of user funds
## Code Snippet
```solidity
    function convertToShares(uint256 _tokens) public view returns (uint256) {
        uint256 tokenSupply = totalSupply(); // saves one SLOAD
        if (tokenSupply == 0) {
            return _tokens * STARTING_SHARES_PER_LINK;
        }
        return _tokens.mulDivDown(totalShares, tokenSupply);
    }
}
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mycelium/blob/main/mylink-contracts/src/Vault.sol#L614-L621

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
convertToShares() function might have a require statement;
```solidity
require(_tokens.mulDivDown(totalShares, tokenSupply) > 0, "Zero Shares");
```
And an admin function to withdraw the LINK tokens and send them to the users who somehow accidentally sent LINK tokens to the vault and to the plugins.
